well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about what Baroness my dog can teach us
about doing it from the air that
brilliant strategy being proposed all
over social media right now we're just
going to do it from the air be real easy
real clean real clinical no fuss no muss
we're gonna do it from the air Berenice
she has free reign inside the fence
she'd never hurt person without
encouragement but that does mean that
occasionally a rabbit doesn't make it
that's unfortunate I don't like it but
it's kind of the cost of having a dog
like her she is a literal dog of war
when she's on this incredibly well
trained if you were to come on this
property in the middle of the nigh you
would meet her and I and I'd be holding
this and if I dropped it you better hope
he can run faster than a rabbit and
there is a point to this this brilliant
strategy why hadn't anybody done it
we've had the ability to do this for a
very very long time why hasn't anybody
done it do it from the air when you say
that say what you mean take our command
and control don't Church it up take out
their leadership right tensions will
around for 40 years and nobody's thought
of this George Bush jr. always down to
use military force and he's had no
provocation whatsoever he didn't think
of this maybe he did but he was just
surrounded by really good advisers the
Condoleezza Rice : Powell
very smart people in fact together all
of his advisors probably too smart for
their own good people that understood
that maybe this isn't such a brilliant
strategy that these things don't occur
in a vacuum certainly cannot accuse
George Bush of not having the stomach to
order something like this but he didn't
take it a step further why don't we do
to the Soviet Union
do from the air take our
command-and-control take out their
leadership why don't we do it your
answer is because they could make us
glow in the dark right and let me stop
right there say congratulations you've
just made a wrong zarg ument for why
they want what they want they had a
deterrent and a high tech deterrent
there are other kinds of deterrent
you're doing the pirates and emperors
thing if you haven't seen that video go
back and watch it let's talk about
pirates and emperors low tech deterrence
exist
Iran has won a big one the
administration knows this because they
call them this all the time they're
state sponsors right state sponsors
about you recognize some of these names
they're state sponsors you know these
organizations have huge huge force
projection capabilities they can reach
out they've done it for decades now
understand these are just names of
organizations that they fund that I
thought people might recognize the list
is dozens long it's their deterrent they
have this as a deterrent and these
organizations well in their fence in
their area and they pretty much do what
they want and occasionally that means
they catch a rabbit Iran doesn't like
that but it's kind of the cost of having
dogs of war they fund these groups what
does money come with strings right a
leash if you will up until recently that
leash was held by a guy named general
Soleimani now so luckily for us held by
a guy named Connie who's basically a
solo meanie clone and that's a good
thing for us to be honest but it does
show that the strike that caused all of
this tension was completely without
worth
changed nothing but he's holding that
leash now what's a brilliant strategy
again take out command-and-control take
out their leadership there's a reason
nobody's done this anyway it's just a
fault you'll have a good night